I must serve Miss Bai well tonight
Get the latest product he developed
And we're rich.
It's this old fox who wants to be with me
Fortunately, I'm better
Find two to go
Yeah.
Isn't this Mrs. Zhou?
Miss Bai has just developed a new cosmeceutical makeup
There you are.
It seems that this project is a must-win
Isn't it the same when you're tired?
Mrs. Li, I am going to invest 100 million this time.
Don't rob me again, hahaha.
So did I.
Then we are mutually beneficial and win-win.
White total biological ointment does not coagulate
Sepp is wrong
Add No. 6 essence
The separation of bioactive molecules from the fermentation broth
Then purify
Yes, Mr. Bai, you are amazing
Xiaoxiao, help me watch
I'm going to take some medicine
You may not have done it again.
Ruined this new product
You didn't eat well
Mr. Chen knew that he was on a business trip with Zhang Meicha without making a phone call
God's will is sometimes busy with work for the group
Watching TV too
Miss, it's time to take medicine
Ah I go
Do you want me to feed you?
Who are you?
Miss Bai, what if you are not satisfied with your sisters?
I've got a better one.
Ah, stop, stop, stop.
Mrs. Zhou
Mrs. Lee
What are you doing here?
Oh, Miss Bai
Of course, it is still a matter of investment in new projects
Yes, I used the last moisturizer I developed for less than a month.
I feel like I'm a decade younger
My husband goes to nightclubs less often
New products that have not been developed for amputation must be pressed on our head.
Let me eat first
Miss Bai, what you are investing in is
Sister, it's our turn, right?
Yeah, okay, okay, I promise you.
New products for you to invest in
Hahaha come come come
Take medicine, I will send Weibo to celebrate the successful investment, then I will prepare for the investment meeting.
Tomorrow you have to come to the scene to sign in person
Yes, my husband will marry her
He can also call the company, but this and that can't be done.
We're looking at you, not this company
Who doesn't know that you are the pillar of Jiaen Group?
I'll try it out.
Hahaha, you are so kind, then we'll go. We'll go first.
Hey wait, take your people away with you
They can serve you.
I'm busy, okay, let's go
How is Xiaojia's sample doing?
The sample is done.
Some people have lost their character
What's the matter, Mr. Bai?
Are you green?
The investment of the two wives has just been confirmed
Mr. Shen held a press conference
Publicly show love to Zhang Meicha
And bought him a big diamond ring